for me
hi how about my name is raquel
I live here in the city of
oklahoma city ​​and I think a little bit
time came don cheto at the inauguration
from a store that was the artist
principal since I already when he was here and
I was singing in cheto and like who
he says it was my turn to open his concert because
it looked like he was Luis Miguel
here with all of you people talk a little
that concert that by the way is very
valuable to sing with a sea that is going
but no more concert is given
music the apprentice allowed my uncle
Javier when I was five years old
years and now that I'm going to have talent
a lot of talent I want to dedicate this to
the
I know that it will always be at least what
I never wanted to be in Miami
dares to comment that I do not have
utility that they gave me in piety
d
I joined Paris
point
How awful
the singer doing
Y
I know I'm not going to love you like I do not like
she loves You
the truth
so they can see the caliber that you
there should be at concerts to her
my part
machin big tour and I'll give you the pass
with many build
Raquel, I already have a question and what
means this guy to you
say t
this performance my uncle is
You have me like my dad always took care of
you and with this two girls thanks to him the
music has always been my engine for
keep going and your dad what role
play in your life my dad is the man
that I love with all my soul
I had to
I am very sure u2 subtle cup that
two are extremely proud of
what you did today tonight and I the
I really love you from the pass with many
good raquel to me I also liked a lot
a lot of charter and here we go
in a concert the kitchen in my house